there is a brand new membership option
on my YouTube channel which you can
access by clicking the join button
underneath literally any of my YouTube
videos so what the heck is this
membership thing what does it mean
what's it all about
let me explain the first thing I want to
make incredibly clear is that if you do
not have the funds to afford a
membership I do not want you even
thinking about signing up for a
membership or joining that's not what
this is for and please know that I will
continue to put out great free content
on this YouTube channel just as I always
have but I wanted to give an additional
level of access to those individuals who
may want some additional perks and don't
mind paying a little bit for those and
have the means to do so because that
certainly helps me focus more time and
energy onto this channel but what you
need to know is that by just watching
any of my videos by subscribing by
commenting by liking all of those things
I appreciate so much they help out so
much so if membership is not something
you're interested in stop watching this
video go watch the other free videos and
the future free videos that I will
continue to put out
full stop that's it because I appreciate
everything you do for my channel but if
you're one of those people who is
looking for a little bit more premium
access and you're curious about what a
membership can give you let me break
down each of the three tiers starting
off with the Bronze Membership the
bronze tier level which is by far the
most affordable option less than the
price of a cup of coffee per month and
what this gives you access to is these
cool loyalty badges so that every time
you comment on one of my videos you
stand out from the crowd and your
support is signified through that
loyalty badge plus you get guaranteed
priority response to comments I really
work hard to respond to as many comments
as possible on my YouTube videos but as
the channel grows that gets more and
more challenging but loyalty members
those in the bronze tier you have my dad
Dedication that I will give responses to
those comments now let's talk about the
silver membership option which gives you
increased of course you get all of the
bronze perks you get those cool loyalty
badges you get priority response to
comments but you also get early access
to videos you get to see my YouTube
videos before anybody else does as a
thank you for your support and you also
get access to a couple member only
videos now going back to what I said at
the beginning I will always put out
great educational content but there may
be some special surprises in the silver
membership tier such as interviews with
powerful impactful public speakers
that's not available on my main channel
so it's these pieces of content that I
want to do and deliver to those who are
really helping me drive the channel
forward by sponsoring and showing their
support and Way Beyond that I plan to
give periodic shout outs to those who
are supporting me in a silver membership
level and I also have the ability to put
out again membership only messages so
I've talked about the videos but also
photos updates tips advice through my
feed that is all accessed through the
silver membership all right finally
let's talk about that gold support tier
level and what you get from signing up
for that membership and I want to stress
if you only sign up for this if you can
absolutely afford it I do not want
anybody pushing themselves financially
who can't afford this option but if you
can and you're interested you get all of
the perks I mentioned so you get the
cool loyalty badges you get the priority
response to comments which is in the
bronze you also get the Early Access to
videos you get the social feed with the
comments and the photos you get
exclusive video content all of those
silver perks as well
plus you get a couple other things the
first is that I'm going to connect with
you on social media so we're going to
reach out connect and I will make sure I
am following you on whatever social
media networks you are on and we can
keep in contact that way but second off
anyone who signs up to the gold level
support and is there for at least three
months I'm gonna have a one-on-one Zoom
call with you we're gonna do a 30 minute
call we're gonna chat I'm gonna learn
about what it is that drives you why my
content is providing value and I'm going
to help answer any questions you have
heck it's your 30 minutes if you want to
do a speech and have me give my feedback
my expertise my evaluation let's do it
that time is for you I'm so stoked to
meet and connect with people who this
channel is helping because this is what
drives me to put out this content so
that is the overview of memberships
again again and I've mentioned this a
few times only sign up if you can
absolutely afford it and know that even
if you're not in the membership level
you're still going to get access to
amazing content from just being
subscribed to my YouTube channel and
that supports me it supports Me by
having you watch videos comment
subscribe liking all of that it still
helps this channel work and run and
continue to deliver video content so
thank you so much for watching for being
part of this Channel and if the
membership option works for you
awesome look forward to connecting with
so many of you have a great day